Implement CLI options to set truncation thresholds (#12766)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/12765.feature.rst

> Thresholds to trigger snippet truncation can now be set with `--truncation-limit-lines` and `--truncation-limit-chars` command line options.

Reviewer: Nice 👍 

Perhaps we should also update [`output.rst`](doc/en/how-to/output.rst) to mention the new command-line options (or ini options as per my comment).

> Thresholds to trigger snippet truncation can now be set with `--truncation-limit-lines` and `--truncation-limit-chars` command line options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thresholds to trigger snippet truncation can now be set with :confval:`truncation_limit_lines` and :confval:`truncation_limit_chars`.
```
